# project5
# neighbourhood_map
Maps
## This Neighobourhood map is the fifth project of Udacity Full Stack Nanodegree Course.

### Skills Required:
      html
      css
      Javascript
### My project consists of files such as:
##### index.html:
###### -This page consists of all links that required for the project
###### - By running this file in our avilable browser gives the page of our project.
###### - It consists of heading and id which gives our google map.
###### - Another id which is used for searching of places that we required
###### - In this div I had the list of places that I want to find.
###### - Want personal API key that generates the map by using the google mail account.
         API can be generated by using link:https://console.cloud.google.com/apis
##### css folder:
###### - consists of all css files that I had used for styling of my html page.
##### JS folder:
###### - consists of all js files that I had used for dynamic functionality of my html page.
###### Library Used:
         knockout JS
###### To Run:
###### Open the index.html file in our available Browser.
###### Make sure that all this files be in same path.
##### Four square AIP as Third-party:
###### This AIP is used as third-party provider for our map which is required.For this we need some Client ID and Client Secret.
###### Link for this foursquare AIP is https://foursquare.com/developers/register
###### After registration we need to create app by giving the our github app link for this account.
###### Then we get the details of Client ID and Client seceret which is used in our js file to get the place information.
##### Resources used:
      To get a brief idea of maps and marker I used a video in Youtube.This link is as follows:
      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zxf1mnP5zcw
      Knockout functionality
      Udacity Resources of my classroom in my nano degree course.
      
